network_controllers/aci/README.md, before:

# Programming ACI Lessons

* **Got SDN? Understanding the ACI Programmability Options**
* **ACI Programmability Part 1: The ACI Object Model**
* **ACI Programmability Part 2: Using the ACI Toolkit**

## "Gitting" the Code
All of the code and examples for this lesson is located in the `netprog_basics/network_controllers/aci` directory.  Clone and access it with the following commands:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/netprog_basics
cd netprog_basics/network_controllers/aci
```

## Local Workstation Setup
Be sure to complete the [General Workstation Setup](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/netprog_basics/blob/master/readme_resources/workstation_setup.md) instructions before beginning this lesson.  

### Postman Setup
During this lesson the Postman client for making REST API calls is used.  For convenience we have included a `postmane_collection.json` file that contains all the REST API calls leveraged in the different lessons, and `postman_environment.json` files for each of the DevNet Sandboxes leveraged across the lessons.  These files are all located in the [postman_config](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/netprog_basics/postman_config) directory in the code repository.  

To leverage them, simply `Import` them into your Postman client.  

1. Collections: Use the **Import** button in the upper left corner of the client.
2. Environments: Use the **Import** button from the `Manage Environments` interface of the client.  

> Reminder: Many network devices leverage self-signed certificates for `https://` APIs.  Don't forget to turn **OFF** SSL certificate checking within Postman settings.

### Python Environment Setup
It is recommended that this lesson be completed using Python 3.*.

> Note: In the video Python 2.7 maybe mentioned as required or preferred for ACI Toolkit and Cobra. With the end of life of Python 2.7 these libraries now support, and recommend, Python 3.x.

It is highly recommended to leverage Python Virtual Environments for completing exercises in this course.  

*There is no need to create independent venv for each lesson, but you can if you choose.  At a minimum you should create 2 venvs, one for Python 2 and one for Python 3.*  

Follow these steps to create and activate a venv.  

***Note: If you are leveraging a shared venv across all lessons simply activate it.***

```bash
# OS X or Linux
virtualenv venv --python=python3
source venv/bin/activate
```

```bash
# Windows (assumes Python 3 is default)
virtualenv venv 
venv/Scripts/activate 
```

#### Install Python Requirements **NOT** Available on PyPi
This lesson leverages some Python libraries that are **not** currently available on PyPi and able to be installed through `pip install`.  Follow these steps to download and install them.  

##### ACI Toolkit
**Be sure to have the Python Virtual Environment Activated**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/datacenter/acitoolkit
cd acitoolkit/
python setup.py install
```

##### ACI Python SDK: Cobra
The Python SDK for ACI is typically downloaded from the APIC Controller itself at `https://<APIC IP>/cobra/_downloads/`, however the SDK files are **not** included with the APIC Simulator used for this lesson.  Instead you can download them from DevNet directly using the following steps.  

1. Visit [developer.cisco.com](https://developer.cisco.com) and log into the site.  
2. Download [ACI Cobra](https://d1nmyq4gcgsfi5.cloudfront.net/fileMedia/1f3d41ce-d154-44e3-74c1-d6cf3b525eaa/acicobra-4.2_3h-py2.py3-none-any.whl) *Version 4.2.3h*
3. Download [ACI Model](https://d1nmyq4gcgsfi5.cloudfront.net/fileMedia/b3b69aa3-891b-41ff-46db-a73b4b215860/acimodel-4.2_3h-py2.py3-none-any.whl) *Version 4.2.3h*

***Note: If you click the links before logging into DevNet you will be prompted to login, but the file download will NOT start automatically***

Once downloaded install the Cobra SDK with the following commands.  
**Be sure to have the Python Virtual Environment Activated**

```bash
pip install acicobra-4.2_3h-py2.py3-none-any.whl
pip install acimodel-4.2_3h-py2.py3-none-any.whl
```

#### Install Python Requirements for Lesson
With the Virtual Environment activated, use pip to install the necessary requirements.  

```bash
# From the code directory for this lesson
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#### graphviz & pygraphviz
In **ACI Programmability Part 2: Using the ACI Toolkit**, one exercise involves running the `aci-diagram` application included with the ACI Toolkit.  This application uses the open source diagramming application `graphviz` and the related Python library `pygraphviz`.  Installing these on a Linux or OS X system is straightforward and can be completed with the following steps.  

Install graphviz

```bash
# On OS X using homebrew
brew install graphviz

# With yum on Enterprise Linux
yum install graphviz

# With apt-get on Debian
apt-get install graphviz
```

The pygraphviz library is included in the `requirements.txt` file included with the lesson code, however on OS X the installation with pip may miss some needed files.  Use this command to install it fully.  

```bash
pip install pygraphviz \
    --install-option="--include-path=/usr/local/include/graphviz/" \
    --install-option="--library-path=/usr/local/lib/graphviz"
```

***Installation of graphviz on a Windows workstation is more challenging and currently beyond the scope of this lesson and setup.***

## DevNet Sandbox
This lesson leverages the [Always On: ACI APIC](https://devnetsandbox.cisco.com/RM/Diagram/Index/5a229a7c-95d5-4cfd-a651-5ee9bc1b30e2?diagramType=Topology) Sandbox.  This sandbox requires no reservation **or** VPN connection.  


## Download Slides

You can download the slides for this lesson [here](). 

* [**Got SDN? Understanding the ACI Programmability Options**](https://developer.cisco.com/fileMedia/download/6901ba9f-d1a0-3c07-a390-ce694135e820)
* [**ACI Programmability Part 1: The ACI Object Model**](https://developer.cisco.com/fileMedia/download/4fc2c770-7699-3ff0-abb3-84a22d86ea6e)
* [**ACI Programmability Part 2: Using the ACI Toolkit**](https://developer.cisco.com/fileMedia/download/7e077dc8-c979-39f6-a53c-b39659413dab)


> *Suggestion: Right click, "Open in new tab"*

Commit message:

Python Version Notice Wording
Update the lab setup instructions to advise only using Python 3
for labs. Also added caveat regarding Python 2 in the videos.

network_controllers/aci/README.md, after:

# Programming ACI Lessons

* **Got SDN? Understanding the ACI Programmability Options**
* **ACI Programmability Part 1: The ACI Object Model**
* **ACI Programmability Part 2: Using the ACI Toolkit**

## "Gitting" the Code
All of the code and examples for this lesson is located in the `netprog_basics/network_controllers/aci` directory.  Clone and access it with the following commands:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/netprog_basics
cd netprog_basics/network_controllers/aci
```

## Local Workstation Setup
Be sure to complete the [General Workstation Setup](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/netprog_basics/blob/master/readme_resources/workstation_setup.md) instructions before beginning this lesson.  

### Postman Setup
During this lesson the Postman client for making REST API calls is used.  For convenience we have included a `postmane_collection.json` file that contains all the REST API calls leveraged in the different lessons, and `postman_environment.json` files for each of the DevNet Sandboxes leveraged across the lessons.  These files are all located in the [postman_config](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/netprog_basics/postman_config) directory in the code repository.  

To leverage them, simply `Import` them into your Postman client.  

1. Collections: Use the **Import** button in the upper left corner of the client.
2. Environments: Use the **Import** button from the `Manage Environments` interface of the client.  

> Reminder: Many network devices leverage self-signed certificates for `https://` APIs.  Don't forget to turn **OFF** SSL certificate checking within Postman settings.

### Python Environment Setup
It is recommended that this lesson be completed using Python 3.8.  Other versions of Python 3 should also work.

> **Note about Python 2:** Python 2 was [sunset](https://www.python.org/doc/sunset-python-2/) by Python Software Foundation on January 1, 2020. This means that no more updates to Python 2 are being worked on, including security updates.  Python 3 is now the recommended version of Python for everyone to use. Most Python developers of software, packages, and scripts have migrated to Python 3 already, however you may find some older scripts and tools that are no longer maintained that only work with Python 2. 
> 
> You may see/hear references to Python 2 within the videos in this course from before January 2020, however all examples scripts and demos available in the GitHub repo to run have been updated to leverage Python 3.

It is highly recommended to leverage Python Virtual Environments for completing exercises in this course.  

*There is no need to create independent venv for each lesson, but you can if you choose.*  

Follow these steps to create and activate a venv.  

***Note: If you are leveraging a shared venv across all lessons simply activate it.***

```bash
# OS X or Linux
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
```

```bash
# Windows
python -m venv venv
venv/Scripts/activate
```

#### Install Python Requirements **NOT** Available on PyPi
This lesson leverages some Python libraries that are **not** currently available on PyPi and able to be installed through `pip install`.  Follow these steps to download and install them.  

##### ACI Toolkit
**Be sure to have the Python Virtual Environment Activated**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/datacenter/acitoolkit
cd acitoolkit/
python setup.py install
```

##### ACI Python SDK: Cobra
The Python SDK for ACI is typically downloaded from the APIC Controller itself at `https://<APIC IP>/cobra/_downloads/`, however the SDK files are **not** included with the APIC Simulator used for this lesson.  Instead you can download them from DevNet directly using the following steps.  

1. Visit [developer.cisco.com](https://developer.cisco.com) and log into the site.  
2. Download [ACI Cobra](https://d1nmyq4gcgsfi5.cloudfront.net/fileMedia/1f3d41ce-d154-44e3-74c1-d6cf3b525eaa/acicobra-4.2_3h-py2.py3-none-any.whl) *Version 4.2.3h*
3. Download [ACI Model](https://d1nmyq4gcgsfi5.cloudfront.net/fileMedia/b3b69aa3-891b-41ff-46db-a73b4b215860/acimodel-4.2_3h-py2.py3-none-any.whl) *Version 4.2.3h*

***Note: If you click the links before logging into DevNet you will be prompted to login, but the file download will NOT start automatically***

Once downloaded install the Cobra SDK with the following commands.  
**Be sure to have the Python Virtual Environment Activated**

```bash
pip install acicobra-4.2_3h-py2.py3-none-any.whl
pip install acimodel-4.2_3h-py2.py3-none-any.whl
```

#### Install Python Requirements for Lesson
With the Virtual Environment activated, use pip to install the necessary requirements.  

```bash
# From the code directory for this lesson
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#### graphviz & pygraphviz
In **ACI Programmability Part 2: Using the ACI Toolkit**, one exercise involves running the `aci-diagram` application included with the ACI Toolkit.  This application uses the open source diagramming application `graphviz` and the related Python library `pygraphviz`.  Installing these on a Linux or OS X system is straightforward and can be completed with the following steps.  

Install graphviz

```bash
# On OS X using homebrew
brew install graphviz

# With yum on Enterprise Linux
yum install graphviz

# With apt-get on Debian
apt-get install graphviz
```

The pygraphviz library is included in the `requirements.txt` file included with the lesson code, however on OS X the installation with pip may miss some needed files.  Use this command to install it fully.  

```bash
pip install pygraphviz \
    --install-option="--include-path=/usr/local/include/graphviz/" \
    --install-option="--library-path=/usr/local/lib/graphviz"
```

***Installation of graphviz on a Windows workstation is more challenging and currently beyond the scope of this lesson and setup.***

## DevNet Sandbox
This lesson leverages the [Always On: ACI APIC](https://devnetsandbox.cisco.com/RM/Diagram/Index/5a229a7c-95d5-4cfd-a651-5ee9bc1b30e2?diagramType=Topology) Sandbox.  This sandbox requires no reservation **or** VPN connection.  


## Download Slides

You can download the slides for this lesson [here](). 

* [**Got SDN? Understanding the ACI Programmability Options**](https://developer.cisco.com/fileMedia/download/6901ba9f-d1a0-3c07-a390-ce694135e820)
* [**ACI Programmability Part 1: The ACI Object Model**](https://developer.cisco.com/fileMedia/download/4fc2c770-7699-3ff0-abb3-84a22d86ea6e)
* [**ACI Programmability Part 2: Using the ACI Toolkit**](https://developer.cisco.com/fileMedia/download/7e077dc8-c979-39f6-a53c-b39659413dab)


> *Suggestion: Right click, "Open in new tab"*
