programming_fundamentals/python_part_2/README.md, before:

# Python Part 2: Working with Libraries and Virtual Environments

## "Gitting" the Code
All of the code and examples for this lesson is located in the `netprog_basics/programming_fundamentals/python_part_2` directory.  Clone and access it with the following commands: 

```bash
git clone https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/netprog_basics
cd netprog_basics/programming_fundamentals/python_part_2
```

## Local Workstation Setup
Be sure to complete the [General Workstation Setup](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/netprog_basics/blob/master/readme_resources/workstation_setup.md) instructions before beginning this lesson.  

### Python Environment Setup 
It is recommended that this lesson be completed using Python 3.8.  Other versions of Python 3 should also work.

> **Note about Python 2:** Python 2 was [sunset](https://www.python.org/doc/sunset-python-2/) by Python Software Foundation on January 1, 2020. This means that no more updates to Python 2 are being worked on, including security updates.  Python 3 is now the recommended version of Python for everyone to use. Most Python developers of software, packages, and scripts have migrated to Python 3 already, however you may find some older scripts and tools that are no longer maintained that only work with Python 2. 
> 
> You may see/hear references to Python 2 within the videos in this course from before January 2020, however all examples scripts and demos available in the GitHub repo to run have been updated to leverage Python 3.

***Note: During this lesson you will learn about Python Virtual Environments and Libraries and practice using these tools.***

## DevNet Sandbox
No Sandbox is required for this lesson.

## Download Slides

You can download the slides for this lesson [here](https://developer.cisco.com/fileMedia/download/c4e972fd-ce42-3ea6-b957-316472c37c5e). 

> *Suggestion: Right click, "Open in new tab"*

Commit message:

Virtual ENV creation note
Note about using -m venv rather than virtualenv like in video

programming_fundamentals/python_part_2/README.md, after:

# Python Part 2: Working with Libraries and Virtual Environments

## "Gitting" the Code
All of the code and examples for this lesson is located in the `netprog_basics/programming_fundamentals/python_part_2` directory.  Clone and access it with the following commands: 

```bash
git clone https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/netprog_basics
cd netprog_basics/programming_fundamentals/python_part_2
```

## Local Workstation Setup
Be sure to complete the [General Workstation Setup](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/netprog_basics/blob/master/readme_resources/workstation_setup.md) instructions before beginning this lesson.  

### Python Environment Setup 
It is recommended that this lesson be completed using Python 3.8.  Other versions of Python 3 should also work.

> **Note about Python 2:** Python 2 was [sunset](https://www.python.org/doc/sunset-python-2/) by Python Software Foundation on January 1, 2020. This means that no more updates to Python 2 are being worked on, including security updates.  Python 3 is now the recommended version of Python for everyone to use. Most Python developers of software, packages, and scripts have migrated to Python 3 already, however you may find some older scripts and tools that are no longer maintained that only work with Python 2. 
> 
> You may see/hear references to Python 2 within the videos in this course from before January 2020, however all examples scripts and demos available in the GitHub repo to run have been updated to leverage Python 3.

***Note: During this lesson you will learn about Python Virtual Environments and Libraries and practice using these tools.***

### Creating Virtual Environments
Python 3 includes a library called `venv` for creating virtual environments. This replaces the `virtualenv` library that was used with Python 2 and shown in the video and slides. The recommended way to create virtual environments in Python 3 is: 

```python 
python3 -m venv venv
```

The `-m` argument to the Python command is used to run a library module. In this case the `venv` library.  The second `venv` in the command above is the name of the virtual environment to create.  While any name could be used, `venv` is a common practice for naming the virtual enviornment with Python.

Once created, the virtual environment is activated the same way: 

```
source venv/bin/activate
```

## DevNet Sandbox
No Sandbox is required for this lesson.

## Download Slides

You can download the slides for this lesson [here](https://developer.cisco.com/fileMedia/download/c4e972fd-ce42-3ea6-b957-316472c37c5e). 

> *Suggestion: Right click, "Open in new tab"*
