application_hosting/python_onbox/README.md, before:

# Python at the Edge: Super Charged Network Event Management

## "Gitting" the Code
All of the code and examples for this lesson is located in the `netprog_basics/application_hosting/python_onbox` directory.  Clone and access it with the following commands:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/netprog_basics
cd netprog_basics/application_hosting/python_onbox
```

## Local Workstation Setup
Be sure to complete the [General Workstation Setup](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/netprog_basics/blob/master/readme_resources/workstation_setup.md) instructions before beginning this lesson.  

### Python Environment Setup
It is recommended that this lesson be completed using Python 3.6.  A recent version of Python 2.7 or Python 3.5 should also work.  

It is highly recommended to leverage Python Virtual Environments for completing exercises in this course.  

*There is no need to create independent venv for each lesson, but you can if you choose.  At a minimum you should create 2 venvs, one for Python 2 and one for Python 3.*  

Follow these steps to create and activate a venv.  

***Note: If you are leveraging a shared venv across all lessons simply activate it.***

```bash
# OS X or Linux
virtualenv venv --python=python3
source venv/bin/activate
```

```bash
# Windows (assumes Python 3 is default)
virtualenv venv
venv/Scripts/activate
```

#### Install Python Requirements for Lesson
With the Virtual Environment activated, use pip to install the necessary requirements.  

```bash
# From the code directory for this lesson
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## DevNet Sandbox
This lesson leverages the [IOS XE on CSR Recommended Code](https://devnetsandbox.cisco.com/RM/Diagram/Index/cae403c2-27af-4c7d-b1e1-99b7d42f1504?diagramType=Topology) Sandbox.  

You will need to reserve an instance of the sandbox, and establish a VPN connection to your individual Sandbox to complete this lab.

***Note: In the video, an older version of IOS XE was used.***

The commands to enable GuestShell have changed slightly, be sure to refer to the [sample configuration in the code samples](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/netprog_basics/blob/master/application_hosting/guestshell/iosxe_guestshell_setup.txt#L40) for the latest command syntax. 

### Post Reservation Setup
This lesson assumes the following about the Sandbox:

* Guest Shell has already been enabled on the IOS XE Sandbox instance
* `git` has been installed within the running Guest Shell container  

If you have already completed the exercises within the **Linux at the Edge: Introduction to Guest Shell** lesson using your Sandbox instance then you are all set and ready to go.  If not, you will need to complete the following additional steps.  

1. Enable Guest Shell: Use the commands and information from [iosxe\_guestshell\_setup.txt](iosxe_guestshell_setup.txt).  

**Clone Code Repo to Guest Shell**

With Guest Shell setup, now clone the code for the labs into Guest Shell in your Sandbox Instance.

```
! From Enable mode on your Sandbox Device
guestshell run git clone https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/netprog_basics /flash/netprog_basics    
```


## Download Slides

You can download the slides for this lesson [here](https://developer.cisco.com/fileMedia/download/8a74f662-c44e-3344-b073-09deba415407). 

> *Suggestion: Right click, "Open in new tab"*

Commit message:

Python Version Notice Wording
Update the lab setup instructions to advise only using Python 3
for labs. Also added caveat regarding Python 2 in the videos.

application_hosting/python_onbox/README.md, after:

# Python at the Edge: Super Charged Network Event Management

## "Gitting" the Code
All of the code and examples for this lesson is located in the `netprog_basics/application_hosting/python_onbox` directory.  Clone and access it with the following commands:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/netprog_basics
cd netprog_basics/application_hosting/python_onbox
```

## Local Workstation Setup
Be sure to complete the [General Workstation Setup](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/netprog_basics/blob/master/readme_resources/workstation_setup.md) instructions before beginning this lesson.  

### Python Environment Setup
It is recommended that this lesson be completed using Python 3.8.  Other versions of Python 3 should also work.

> **Note about Python 2:** Python 2 was [sunset](https://www.python.org/doc/sunset-python-2/) by Python Software Foundation on January 1, 2020. This means that no more updates to Python 2 are being worked on, including security updates.  Python 3 is now the recommended version of Python for everyone to use. Most Python developers of software, packages, and scripts have migrated to Python 3 already, however you may find some older scripts and tools that are no longer maintained that only work with Python 2. 
> 
> You may see/hear references to Python 2 within the videos in this course from before January 2020, however all examples scripts and demos available in the GitHub repo to run have been updated to leverage Python 3.

It is highly recommended to leverage Python Virtual Environments for completing exercises in this course.  

*There is no need to create independent venv for each lesson, but you can if you choose.*  

Follow these steps to create and activate a venv.  

***Note: If you are leveraging a shared venv across all lessons simply activate it.***

```bash
# OS X or Linux
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
```

```bash
# Windows
python -m venv venv
venv/Scripts/activate
```


#### Install Python Requirements for Lesson
With the Virtual Environment activated, use pip to install the necessary requirements.  

```bash
# From the code directory for this lesson
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## DevNet Sandbox
This lesson leverages the [IOS XE on CSR Recommended Code](https://devnetsandbox.cisco.com/RM/Diagram/Index/cae403c2-27af-4c7d-b1e1-99b7d42f1504?diagramType=Topology) Sandbox.  

You will need to reserve an instance of the sandbox, and establish a VPN connection to your individual Sandbox to complete this lab.

***Note: In the video, an older version of IOS XE was used.***

The commands to enable GuestShell have changed slightly, be sure to refer to the [sample configuration in the code samples](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/netprog_basics/blob/master/application_hosting/guestshell/iosxe_guestshell_setup.txt#L40) for the latest command syntax. 

### Post Reservation Setup
This lesson assumes the following about the Sandbox:

* Guest Shell has already been enabled on the IOS XE Sandbox instance
* `git` has been installed within the running Guest Shell container  

If you have already completed the exercises within the **Linux at the Edge: Introduction to Guest Shell** lesson using your Sandbox instance then you are all set and ready to go.  If not, you will need to complete the following additional steps.  

1. Enable Guest Shell: Use the commands and information from [iosxe\_guestshell\_setup.txt](iosxe_guestshell_setup.txt).  

**Clone Code Repo to Guest Shell**

With Guest Shell setup, now clone the code for the labs into Guest Shell in your Sandbox Instance.

```
! From Enable mode on your Sandbox Device
guestshell run git clone https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/netprog_basics /flash/netprog_basics    
```


## Download Slides

You can download the slides for this lesson [here](https://developer.cisco.com/fileMedia/download/8a74f662-c44e-3344-b073-09deba415407). 

> *Suggestion: Right click, "Open in new tab"*
